rising 32 stories above the vibrant
river district Oasis stands as a
distinctive landmark on the fort myers
waterfront just blocks from the heart of
downtown Fort Myers river district this
gated community offers contemporary
resort style living unlike anything Fort
Myers has ever seen the oasis resort
style living includes all the privileges
and amenities of an elite private club a
tropical Enclave overlooking the mile
wide expanse of the picturesque
Caloosahatchee River oasis affords its
owners direct deep water access via the
on-site marina in addition to the serene
1.5 acre pool terrace with two resort
style edgeless pools two whirlpools
poolside cabanas and more you will find
professionally maintained tennis courts
luxurious space facilities and a variety
of social spaces ideally suited for
leisure recreation for entertaining
oasis is a secure building with on-site
management and full concierge services
it's public spaces are home to a curated
art collection from a competition of
local and international artists
including Robert Rauschenberg Jeff
ripple Daniel Azoulay Joe Mack clear and
others the fourth floor billiard room
offers residents a private retreat to
gather with friends and neighbors play a
game or enjoy watching the latest games
on a state-of-the-art home theater on
the fourth floor poolside club room
residents can host private events with a
bar catering kitchen and direct access
to the expansive pool deck if peace and
quiet is what you're searching for
residents can escape through their
private library complete with leather
flooring televisions and reading nooks
our state-of-the-art fitness center
overlooks one of our two edgeless pools
giving residents direct water views as
they work out
adjoining the fitness center are his and
her spas complete with contemporary
marble fixtures luxurious standing
showers hot saunas and steam room the
three bedroom with den residences at
oasis featured gourmet eatin kitchens
with GE Monogram and Bosch appliances
Italian cabinetry custom designer
faucets granite countertops and
porcelain flooring the spacious living
areas feature an open layout suitable
for dining and entertainment a selection
of optional tile flooring is also
available all residences offer direct
waterfront views floor-to-ceiling
windows and expansive terraces with
glass railings ideally suited to enjoy
the spectacular sunset views over the
river in addition to the living areas
all bedrooms offer direct water views
and spacious walk-in closets our master
bathrooms feature marble tile
double-bowl marble vanity sinks seamless
glass shower enclosures and jetted
whirlpool soaking tubs the second and
third bedroom suites are located at the
opposite side of the residents from the
master bedroom next to a full second
bathroom and each has access to a
private terrace with unobstructed
sunrise views over the rivers all
residences are designed with smart
technology with fiber optic cables
throughout all residences include one
secured assigned covered parking space
centrally located in the historic
downtown Fort Myers river district in
Southwest Florida oasis is within reach
of many worldwide destinations from
Southwest Florida International Airport
with direct flights to all the major
cities in the US as well as Canada
Germany and Denmark while in town oasis
residents can enjoy an array of shopping
entertainment sporting events and
cultural activities Fort Myers is home
to the spring training camps of the
Boston Red Sox and the Minnesota Twins
Fort Myers Beach is less than 20 minutes
from oasis as is access to the legendary
shell shaped islands of captiva and
sanibel and world-class fishing and
golfing Fort Myers is approximately a
three-hour drive to orlando and the
famed Disney and Universal Studios
amusement parks and two hours to miami
fort lauderdale since opening for sales
in late two thousand ten Oasis has been
a fastest selling condominium in
southwest florida with a year-round
average temperature of 78 degrees why
does summer ever have to end only a
limited number of premium residences
remained please contact oasis is on-site
sales team for more information and to
schedule your private tour of Oasis's
fabulous amenities and splendid
residences the sales office and designer
models are open daily oasis fort myers
is being offered by oasis associates LLC
a wholly owned subsidiary of oasis mez
associates LLC which is a venture
between Lewbert Adler fort myers LLC and
the related companies the most prominent
privately owned real estate firm in the
United States financing is available
cooperating brokers are warmly welcomed